¶ Just off the shores
of Never Land ¶
¶ A hideaway at sea
- Yo-ho!
- Let's go!
¶ A pirate band
outwits the plans ¶
¶ Of Captain Hook and Smee
- Yo-ho!
- Let's go!
¶ The merry crew
of Never Land Pirates ¶
¶ Through and through
¶ They're jolly buccaneers
¶ Join with Jake
and the Never Land Pirates ¶
¶ Come along
We need some volunteers ¶
-  Jake!
- Ahoy!
-  Izzy!
-  Cubby!
- Ahoy!
- Skully!
Yooo, yo-ho!
¶ Jake and the
Never Land Pirates ¶
¶ Climb aboard, me hearties
and be a pirate true ¶
Let's go!
¶ With Jake
and the Never Land Pirates ¶
¶ We'll set the course
together, come on ¶
¶ And join the crew
Yo-ho, let's go!
Ha-har!
[Jake] Jake's Never Land Rescue.
Ahoy, mateys. Do you want to
join my pirate crew?
Great!
To start today's adventure,
everybody say the Pirate
Password:
Yo-ho-ho.
[all] Yo-ho-ho!
One more time.
[Cubby] All hands on beach.
Get ready for
one awesome pirate picnic.
Whoo-hoo! Buccaneer veggie
burgers and pirate pineapple
pizza! Yum!
Hmm, I wonder when Jake's
getting back.
[Jake cawing]
Here I am. Izzy,
here's your Pixie Dust.
It really came in handy.
Jake! How'd it go?
- Everything shipshape.
- Great, 'cause Peter said it
was an emergency.
It was. The Tiki Tree Forrest
River was jammed by a bunch of
rocks.
And I had to move them, so the
trees could get their water.
It's so cool that Peter asked
you to help him out today.
Well, he was busy doing other
important other stuff in
the lands beyond the Never Sea.
Yeah, it's tough to be
in two places at the same time.
Even for Peter.
[laughing]
Good thing you were there, Jake.
You were like Peter's first
mate.
Wow! I guess you're right.
You know, it would be awesome to
team up with Peter all the time.
You mean, like, everyday?
Sure, then I could fly with him
and explore all the lands beyond
the Never Sea.
Oh, that would be a blast!
More than that, it'd be the
greatest adventure ever!
But, I'd probably miss
Shipwreck Beach,
Mermaid Lagoon...
And Floating Rock Canyon.
And Big Bug Valley.
Yeah, I sure would
miss all that.
But most of all,
I'd miss you guys.
The best mateys ever!
That's us all right.
What was I thinking?
Never Land is amazing!
I could never leave it.
Never Land forever!
[all] Never Land forever!
- [Jake] Whoa!
- [Izzy] What?
Neat trick, Jake.
How did you do that?
I... I didn't do anything.
My sword just, well, vanished.
So, what are we going to do?
We've got to find out what
happened to my sword and get it
back.
[Skully] Heads up, mates.
Check it out!
[Izzy] Way-hey! The Fairies are
sending us a message through
Fairy Rock!
Let's go check it out.
[Fairies] The magic of the
great Forever Tree is starting
to fade away!
You must restore its magic
soon...
...or Never Land will disappear
this very day!
Today? No way!
Shiver me timbers!
The Forever Tree is what makes
Never Land so magical.
Hey, I bet that's why
my sword disappeared!
It was made from
the wood of the Forever Tree!
And if the Tree fades away, that
means Never Land will go poof!
- Just like your sword!
- What can we do?
[Fairies] A little Fairy Magic
will be with you along the way.
And will guide you on this
urgent and most important day.
Now go! You must hurry!
Please, do not delay.
Oh, no,
now Fairy Rock has disappeared.
We've gotta get to
the Forever Tree, like now!
I'm on it, Jake!
The Forever Tree grows
in an underground cave
inside Mount Destiny,
on Never Land.
Come on, let's go bye-bye
before everything else
around here goes bye-bye.
Yo-ho, let's go
to the Forever Tree
and save Never Land!
¶ Look alive
it's all hands aboard now ¶
¶ Every mate on deck
¶ Anchors up and set
the sails ¶
¶ For Never Land
¶ Mateys,
this is not just adventure ¶
¶ Mateys this is
never say never ¶
¶ It's up to us or
¶ Never Land
will fade away ¶
¶ Off we go
to save the Forever Tree ¶
¶ And rescue Never Land
¶ Off we go
across the Never Sea ¶
¶ To rescue Never Land
¶ Laughing now
it's time to go ¶
¶ We'll pull together
to save our home ¶
¶ We can rescue Never Land
Thunder and lightning! At last!
After countless days and nights,
I have finally done it!
[panting]
Done what, my captain?
Besides working
our fingers to the bone.
And me bones to the bones.
[groans]
[yelling]
Bumblers!
Now where was I?
Oh, yes, I the great and
glorious...
...and humble Captain Hook,
have finally found...
...the Enchanted Treasure Cave
of Peter Pan!
I still can't believe how lucky
you were to have found Peter's
treasure map, cap'n.
Luck has nothing to do with it,
Mr. Smee!
It was clearly sitting
on the Never Land Beach
just waiting for me
eagle-eye to spot it!
[Sharky] Uh... excuse me, sir.
But, uh, where be this
treasure cave again?
'Cause all we got here
is a wall of stone.
[grunts] Solid as a rock.
Like me.
Fools! This is a magic cave.
First, I must follow
these instructions,
then the treasure
will be revealed.
[clears throat] "For the pirate
who seeks my great treasure,
here is what ye do:
flap your arms like a flying
rooster and shout
'cocka-doodle-doo'".
[all] Cocka-doodle-doo?
"Hop on one foot
and don't close your eyes,
for you don't want to miss my
Golden Surprise!"
Now stand back, ya swabs.
I have magical work to do!
Cocka-doodle-doo!
Boots and buckles!
Oh, my!
I'm the richest pirate captain
in Never Land! [giggling]
Thank you, Peter Pan,
for your Golden Surprise!
Ohhh...
- Golden shiny stuff.
- Sparkly.
[clucking]
Geese!
My treasure turned into geese?!
Maybe these geese
lay golden eggs.
Blast!
This isn't gold, it's a trick.
[man cawing]
[Peter Pan laughing]
Blast you, Peter Pan!
You've tricked me
for the very last time.
Mark me words, one of these days
I will find your treasure.
Oh, that shouldn't be too hard,
I'm sure Peter has treasure
buried all over Never Land.
Especially on Pirate Island.
Oops.
That's it, Mr. Smee!
Pirate Island,
where the puny pirates play.
It's the perfect place
to plunder.
Precisely.
[Jake] Mateys,
my map says to go this way.
It's those popinjays.
Hide yourselves!
Hide your...
Um, mateys,
you think you can step livelier?
We're kind of in an
"end of Never Land" hurry.
Maybe I can help. Flying is
faster than walking.
I'd call this an emergency.
It sure is. If we don't save the
Forever Tree's magic soon,
Never Land's gonna
disappear... forever!
Then it's... Pixie Dust away!
[gasps] Oh, my. It sounds
like something's wrong
with Never Land.
And why,
pray tell, should I care?
Because, cap'n, if Never Land
disappears, all of its treasure
will go with it.
And then you might never see
another gold doubloon,
precious gem or
shiny bauble ever again!
No treasure on Never Land?
Never!
Smee! Pass out the Whirly-hooks!
Let us follow those little
flying fiends and find out more!
Ahhh, there's nothin'
like catchin' a breeze
and flyin' with ease!
Yep, and we oughta be getting a
lot closer to the Forever Tree.
Um, Izzy?
I think we need more Pixie Dust.
We're dropping like an anchor.
No problem.
Just a few more pinches and...
[gasps]
No, not this. Not now!
My Pixie Dust is gone.
- Without it...
- [all] We can't fly!
This is getting worse.
First, Jake's sword
disappears...
And now my Pixie Dust.
Well, at least
I still have my map.
[gasps] Aw, coconuts.
My map's getting
all wonky on me.
Wait a minute. Now my map is
telling us to go in this
direction.
But where does this path go?
[Cubby stuttering] Someplace
that wasn't even on my map a
minute ago.
C'mon, crew, this way.
There's no time to lose.
Bust me busted buttons!
Jake lost his sword!
There's no more magic dusty
stuff for Izzy!
And Cubby's map is broken!
Oh, poor sea pups!
This is a tragedy!
Which I shall
turn into a triumph.
While those puny pirates
try to save Never Land,
I shall plunder all the treasure
on Pirate Island.
Piece by piece.
Follow me, boys.
To Pirate Island...
and treasure!
[bird cawing]
Creepin' coconuts, I know I've
never been in this place before!
Ya sure? How 'bout checkin' that
old map-a-roonie of yours again?
OK. [gasps]
Not, OK! All the directions on
my map have disappeared!
Crackers!
We're doomed, I tell ya!
We can't give up, guys. No way!
But everything we need is
disappearing!
So, what can we do?
Well, we could call for Peter.
Yeah, if anyone can help us,
Peter can.
[man] Maybe I can help you.
[all gasp]
Who are you?
I am the Guardian of Never Land.
I have a message for all of you.
Whoa! There's that
little light again!
Who's hiding in there?
OK, OK, I'm outta here.
As you have seen, things are
fading away because The Forever
Tree is fading away.
Once its magic is gone,
Never Land will also disappear!
All is not lost, however.
There is hope.
- I was hoping you'd say that.
- So, what can we do?
Well, I have come here to find
the One who will go on...
...The Forever Quest.
Hmm.
Catchy name, but what is it?
It's a journey for the bravest
of pirates.
Only the one who loves
Never Land and completes
the Quest
can save Never Land
from fading away.
What does this
brave pirate have to do?
The Questor must get a sword
from the Forever Tree, the
Destiny Sword,
then he must bring it to the top
of Mount Destiny before the sun
sets.
Sounds like a big job...
but we can do it!
The rules are quite clear.
Only one pirate may take on this
great challenge.
So, who among you
will go on the Forever Quest?
[all] Jake!
You should go on the quest.
You're brave and clever...
- You're an awesome leader...
- And you never give up, no
matter how tough things get!
Saving Never Land?!
By myself?
I don't know.
Come on, Jake.
You can do it!
But we're a team!
- And we still are.
- Well, yeah, but...
Jake, you can't say no,
you gotta go on the Quest!
Well...
I can't let down my mateys...
...or Never Land!
OK, Mr. Guardian, I'm in!
Excellent! You are now
The Forever Questor!
- What this?
- A very special medallion.
Keep this with you on your
journey, and all doors
will be open to you.
Gee, thanks!
Time is on the move,
so should you be. Quest on!
Wow! That guy is full of
surprises!
Well... I guess it's up
to you now, Jake.
[sighs] I wish I felt better
about leaving you guys.
Once you get started on the
Forever Quest, I bet you'll be
fine.
But what are we
gonna do without you?
I know!
With everything disappearing,
maybe you should head
back to Pirate Island and
protect the things we treasure!
Izzy? Cubby? Can you
give me your Pixie Dust pouch
and your map?
Sure. But why?
Maybe I can find more Pixie Dust
and fix the map.
But most of all,
they'll remind me of you guys.
- Aww.
- Coconuts.
What a matey!
Yo-ho! To Mount Destiny!
Uh, Jake.
Mount Destiny is over there.
Oops. [chuckles]
I promise, I won't let you or
Never Land down.
¶ Forever Never Land
¶ Our home will always be
¶ This is Never Land
¶ And it's our pirate home
¶ But our home's in danger
¶ So yo-ho mates, let's go
¶ A Forever Quest
¶ For a pirate brave
¶ To Mount Destiny
¶ We're counting on you Jake
to lead the way ¶
¶ Forever Never Land
¶ Our home will always be
¶ And you can live
in Never Land
if only you believe ¶
¶ An island made of dreams
¶ And wishes to come true
¶ Under blue star lights
Second from the right ¶
¶ Never Land waits for you
¶ Under blue star lights
Second from the right ¶
¶ Never Land waits for you
[bird cawing]
Sure wish Cubby's map could tell
me if I'm going the right way.
And getting around would be
a lot easier if I had some good
old Pixie Dust.
Whoa!
Where did you come from?
You want me to go that way?
OK, OK.
Lead the way, Little Light.
Hey, wait up!
Hey, I know that mountain.
Pixie Peak. The Fountain of
Forever is on the other side.
Yo-ho, let's go!
That's where Izzy
gets her Pixie Dust.
- [Cubby] You thinkin'
what I'm thinkin'?
- Yeah, I miss Jake.
Me too.
And now he's out there all
by himself on the Forever Quest!
And what if he,
I hate saying it, fails?
Then we're doomed for sure!
C'mon, guys,
we gotta think happy thoughts.
Jake isn't just saving
Never Land for us,
he's saving it for everybody!
Captain Hook!
That's right, Skully.
Jake's even saving
Never Land for Captain Hook.
No! I mean, Captain Hook!
On Pirate Island!
Dig-dig-diggity, men!
And keep on diggity-diggin'!
We're not stoppin' 'til we find
every single piece of treasure!
And that be me final word!
Captain Hook,
what do you think you're doing?
I know what I'm doing, I'm
looking for your treasure!
Treasure?
Is that all you care about?
What else is there?
Never Land!
Right now Jake is
trying to save the Forever Tree
so Never Land won't disappear!
[yawning] Oh, really?
How noble of him.
Don't you get it?
If Never Land fades away,
so will Pirate Island!
Ah, but not before I plunder
all of its hidden treasure!
Smee, bring forth
the Pirate Whammer-Jammer!
What's a Pirate Whammer-Jammer?
Whammer-jammering!
Prepare to jam, puny pirates!
Heads up, mates.
Look at that!
- Shiver me timbers!
- Shiver me feathers!
[Cubby] Shiver me coconuts!
[chuckling]
I could do this all day.
And I will,
until I find every
bit of treasure on this teensy
weensy itsy bitsy island!
We've gotta stop him!
And we will!
Then yo-ho,
let's go save Pirate Island from
Captain Grabby Hooks!
- Yeah!
- Yay-hay!
Whoa! Slow down, would you?
I can't fly, you know!
No way!
The Fountain's
running out of Pixie Dust!
Well, all I need
is enough to fill this pouch!
Whoa! Sunken shipwrecks!
I'm not gonna let this stop me!
Whoo-hooo!
[grunts] Gotcha!
Pixie Dust, away! [laughs]
Little Light, thanks for showing
me the way here.
Hey, wait up!
Where are you going now?!
Whoa, Little Light,
there you are!
Look, I'm not sure
why we're here.
I don't think I'm any closer
to finding the Forever Tree.
[Marina] Jake!
Marina! Stormy! Sandy!
Ahoy! We were just on our way
to Neptune City, to make sure
that all the mermaids are safe!
We heard the Forever Tree
is fading away,
and our underwater home is
fading away too!
Boo-hoo-ba-ba-boo!
That's why I'm on a quest...
to save all of Never Land!
Is there anything
we can do to help?
Well, I could use a new map.
One with directions on it.
Hmmm.
What you need is special ink.
And I know just where to get it.
[Dolphin squeaking]
Uh, let me get this straight.
I need to get ink
from a Giant Golden Squid?
Not just any old ink...
magic ink!
And this squid's
just gonna give it to me?
Not exactly.
But when the big fella laughs,
he leaves a trail of ink!
So I've gotta make him laugh?
[both] Yep!
If Cubby were here, he'd say,
"This is coconuts!"
[chuckles] You'll be fine, Jake.
Just hold on tight to Flo.
[Flo squeaks]
Well, at least this
snorkel-shell will help me
breathe underwater.
I'll be like a mer-boy!
[chuckles]
Can't get my Pixie Dust wet.
- Will you hold it for me?
- Sure, Jake.
So, is there anything else
I should... Whoa!
Those fish sure are in a hurry!
[screeching sound]
Oh, boy!
[chuckles]
Ahoy to you too, Mr. Squid.
I'm, uh, lookin' for some ink
for my map and I was, um...
- [grumbling]
- ...wondering if you would
maybe lend me a little.
- [grumbling]
- Does that mean "no"?
- Giddyup, Flo! Seaward ho!
Yahoo!
[grumbling]
[Flo squeaking]
[Jake] Uh-oh. Looks like
somebody's not happy.
Hmmm... maybe now's a good time
to try and make him laugh.
Let's see... I could tell him
a funny fish joke.
Or, I could tickle him.
That's it!
Shake a tail, Flo! Tickle away!
[Flo squeaking]
[mumbling]
Thanks for the ink, Mr. Squid!
Yo-ho, way to go!
It worked!
All right, the map is back!
Wonderful waves, Jake!
We knew you could do it!
Now I'm off to get a new sword.
The Destiny Sword.
Then I can complete
the Forever Quest
and save Never Land.
First I have to go to the
Forever Tree. Hmmm...
Where is it?
There!
If anyone can save Never Land,
you can, Jake.
Pixie Dust away!
Good luck, Jake. Smooth sailing.
Save the magic!
I'll stop Hook's machine.
Coconuts away!
[grunts] Going... going...
Gone!
I'll stop him!
Ah-ha! Missed me!
We're sunk. No matter what we
do, Hook won't stop.
Hmmm... looks like the door
to the Forever Tree should be
right about...
...here!
Aw, boiling barnacles!
[chittering]
My sword is the key
for opening the door...
...but I don't have
my sword anymore!
[chittering]
How am I going to get in?
[grunts]
If I can't get
The Destiny Sword, I'll never
finish the Forever Quest!
When the sun sets,
Never Land will fade away,
and it'll be my fault!
[chittering]
[Jake] Oh, no!
It's happening already!
I... I can't just give up.
Never Land's way too important
to me, to everybody!
I gotta find a way
to open this door.
Whoa! My medallion!
The Guardian said that with
this, all doors will be
open to me.
I wonder...
Yo-ho, way to go!
I'm in!
Forever Tree, here I come!
Wheeeee!
Whoa-no! The Forever Tree,
it's fading fast!
[grunts]
If it disappears,
I'll never get a new sword!
But I'm not giving up.
¶ Forever Tree
don't fade away ¶
¶ I'm here to help you
if I can ¶
¶ I know I can
[blowing]
¶ Come on, let's try together
¶ There's magic here
that's got to grow ¶
¶ It's Never Land forever
¶ Forever Tree
you're not alone ¶
¶ I'll never give up
on Never Land ¶
¶ Never ever give up
now that's my plan ¶
¶ Forever Tree I believe you
will bring the magic back ¶
¶ I know you can
¶ And I'll never give up
¶ On Never Land
Awesome!
The Destiny Sword!
Yo-ho, way to go!
To the top of Mount Destiny!
I made it!
And right before sunset.
[The Guardian]
Excellent questing, Jake.
Now you're one step
closer to stopping
Never Land from fading away.
To restore the magic
of the Forever Tree,
raise The Destiny Sword high.
That's all?
Trust me, there's more.
Whoa!
Forever Questor, follow me!
[gasps]
The Forever Tree is gone!
Hold on,
it's a new Forever Tree!
No way! Why isn't it growing?
It looks like the Forever Tree
needs more help.
Yo-ho, Forever Tree grow!
Come on, Jake, join me.
[both] Yo-ho, Forever Tree grow!
Yo-ho, Forever Tree grow!
It's not working!
It seems we need even more help.
Something's missing and I
know what...
...my mateys! When we work
together, we can do anything!
Smee, Sharky, Bones!
Haven't you sea slugs
found any treasure yet?
We've found boots, cap'n!
And some pirate booty!
- Keep looking.
- [all] Aye, aye, cap'n.
Blasted barnacles!
Good one, Bucky!
Ringa-ding-ding!
You're going to need more
than that to stop me!
[gasps] Look alive, mateys!
[Cubby] What's that?
What in Never Land?
Shoo, fly. Shoo I say!
Wow, that little light's back.
Oh, blasted bug! Don't you have
something better to do?
I'll get you!
[grunts]
Abandon ship!
Smee, Sharky, Bones. Save me!
Here we come, cap'n. Saving you!
[chuckles] What a funny little
light you are.
And tricky, too. You out-snooked
that old sneaky snook.
[Cubby] Hey, I think it's trying
to tell us something.
I think I get it!
Jake got his new sword
and brought it to Mount Destiny!
Does Jake need our help?
He does? Then let's go help him.
But there's no way we can get to
the mountain fast enough.
No Pixie Dust, remember?
Hey, how'd you do that?
No time for questions, Izz.
We gotta get to Jake.
He needs us now!
But what about Hook?
[Skully] We don't have to worry
about ol' Feather Hat.
He's all washed up! Ha!
Bucky, keep an eye on Pirate
Island! See ya later!
- Hey, there's Mount Destiny.
- I hope we're not too late.
Guardian, I sure hope your
little ball of light found my...
- Ahoy, matey!
- Whoo-hoo!
We heard you needed our help,
Jake.
More than ever. Shout, "Yo-ho,
Forever Tree grow," with us.
Now!
[all] Yo-ho, Forever Tree grow!
Yo-ho, Forever Tree grow!
C'mon, mateys! Let's all shout,
"Yo-ho, Forever Tree grow!"
Ready?
[all] Yo-ho, Forever Tree grow!
Yo-ho, Forever Tree grow!
¶ Forever Never Land
Our home will always be ¶
¶ And you can live in
Never Land
if only you believe ¶
¶ An island made of dreams
and wishes to come true ¶
¶ Under blue star light
Second from the right ¶
¶ Never Land waits for you
[cheering]
Way-hay! Never Land is safe!
And it wouldn't have happened
without you, Jake! You did it!
[all]
Yo-ho, way to go!
Never Land forever!
I'm proud of you, Jake.
Never Land is proud of you.
Only one other has ever been
able to complete the
Forever Quest and save our home.
Really?
This has happened before?
Yes, a long time ago.
And that other Questor was...
...me! [laughing]
[all] Peter Pan!
- Surprised!
- You bet!
You are one tricky trickster,
Peter. And I like it!
[both] Me, too!
I should've known you'd be
looking out for me, Peter.
Oh, I wasn't the only one.
You see, I brought along a very
dear friend...
[whistles]
Hey, it's my friend,
the Little Light.
[all] Tinker Bell!
Tink! So you're the one who's
been showing me the way!
Wow! You might be small,
but you've been a really big
help to us!
[laughing] Hey, that tickles!
Crackers! You sure are swell,
Tinker Bell! Woo hoo!
I've always dreamed of being
your friend, Tinker Bell!
Aww, I feel the same way
about you.
Peter, this has to be the
greatest day of my life!
Well, the day's
not over yet, Jake.
Now that you've saved
Never Land, it's time for
a little reward.
Sooo... let's fly!
- But how?
- Just think happy thoughts.
[chuckles] That's easy.
Never Land is here to stay!
I... I can fly!
Without Pixie Dust.
[all exclaiming]
Pretty cool, huh? [laughing]
Now you can fly whenever you
want, as much as you want!
And you can go with me
and explore
the Lands Beyond the Never Sea!
Awesome! I can't wait to see
what's out there!
C'mon, crew!
We're all going to...
Sorry, everybody.
Only the one who completed
the Forever Quest can go.
And that's you, Jake.
But... but then I'd have to
leave Never Land...
...and my mateys!
I don't know if I can do that.
Gee, teaming up with Peter is a
dream come true for you, Jake.
How can you say no?
But if I say yes, I'll have to
leave you mates here.
If you don't go, you may never
get the chance to do this again!
Yeah, but we've always been
a team... together.
Now you and Peter
will be a team.
An unbeatable team!
Look at it this way...
Jake and Peter Pan,
Guardians of Never Land!
Well...
OK, Peter, I'm with ya!
Ya won't be sorry.
We're gonna have a blast!
[laughing]
What about you guys?
Will you be OK without me?
We'll miss you, Jake, but
don't worry. We'll be fine.
It's not like you'll be gone
forever. You'll visit us, right?
You know I will!
We'll always be mateys!
Oh, but before I go...
here's your map, Cubby.
Without it, I never would have
found the Forever Tree.
Wow! It's back to the way
it was before! Thanks!
And this is for you, Izz.
My Pixie Dust is back!
Now we can fly again!
Yep! And every time I fly,
I'll be thinking of you.
You, too, Skully.
I don't know what to say,
except...
...whenever you need an extra
hand, or a wing, we'll be there
for ya!
Thanks. Thanks for being the
greatest mateys a matey ever
had!
OK, Tink. [chuckles] I'm coming.
[Peter cawing]
- Good luck!
- Bye, Jake.
Fly away, little bird.
[gasps] Let's go, mateys.
Guess it's back to Pirate Island
for us.
[chuckles] Hey, Jake,
betcha can't fly as fast as me.
Oh yeah? Check this out!
[Jake cawing]
Yeah!
See ya around, ya slowpoke swab!
Oh, we'll see about that!
Look alive, Jake!
The Lands Beyond the Never Sea
go on forever and ever!
Sounds awesome,
more than awesome!
¶ I don't need
Pixie Dust to fly ¶
¶ Just the
happy thoughts of me ¶
¶ Sailing through the stars
¶ Like all my favorite dreams
¶ I'm teaming up
with Peter Pan ¶
¶ And it's not
just make believe ¶
¶ I'm really gonna go
¶ Beyond the Never Sea
¶ Out there
beyond the Never Sea ¶
¶ You'll be my first mate
Now follow me ¶
¶ Out there
beyond the Never Sea ¶
¶ Come on
I'll show you everything ¶
¶ Out there
beyond the Never Sea ¶
[Hook laughing]
[Skully] Moldy cheese
and crackers!
I can't believe we felt for Old
Feather Head's booby trap.
And I can't believe he found
our Team Treasure Chest.
Oh, believe it with all your
heart, puny popinjays.
I was true to me word, wasn't I?
I said I was going to find
treasure here. And I did!
And now sit back, relax and
watch me deal the final blow.
Gee, I sure wish Izzy, Cubby
and Skully could see this place.
[bell dings]
[gasps] Bucky?!
- What's wrong, Jake.
- I've never been this far away
from my mateys.
It just feels so strange not to
be with them. I hope they're
doing OK without me.
[Izzy] We'll miss you, Jake.
But I've got a feeling
my mateys need my help!
[Hook grunting]
[all mumbling]
- Yay-hay...
- [Jake] No way, Captain Hook!
What? You're back.
[all] Jake!
I heard that you
were through with this place.
Gone off for good!
This is my home, Hook,
and these are my mateys!
If you can't behave,
then you're not welcome here!
Shape up or ship out!
I am neither shaping nor
shipping. I'm here to stay!
We'll see about that, Hook,
after I help my mateys.
Men, stop that blasted boy.
He's trying to ruin me fun!
I... I got him!
[all mumbling]
Sorry, guys,
can't let you stop me!
[Hook mumbling]
Tinker Bell!
So, you're the bug that never
goes away!
Ya better not get on
Tink's bad side,
Captain Codfish.
When she gets mad,
she stays mad!
[all] Peter!
You didn't think I'd forget
about my favorite mateys,
did ya?
Pan?! What is this?
A family reunion?!
[chuckles] I guess you can
say it is, Hook.
- Wanna join us?
- Never!
Neither puny pirates,
nor pesty Pans,
nor tiny Tinks
will ever best Captain Hook!
Ah-ha! I got ya!
Hey, let her go you... [groans]
Jingle-jangle all you like,
Tinker-tot,
but I've got
high-flying plans for you!
I always knew
you were good for something!
Come on, mates. We've gotta help
Peter save Tink.
Awesome!
Thanks, Jake!
Make way for the mighty,
flying Jolly Roger!
- Oh, no!
- Whoa!
- Flying fish sticks!
- How'd that happen?
[Hook laughing]
Who needs Never Land?
Thanks to this Pixie
Dusting pest,
I can fly to the
Lands Beyond the Never Sea
and get all the treasure
I could ever want!
C'mon, Jake. Let's show Hook
that his ship isn't the only
thing that can fly!
I'm right behind ya, Peter!
Oh, would you stop fussing?
One more peep and it's the
bottom of the Never Sea for you!
I don't think so, Hook!
Oh, buckets of bilge-water!
It's not fair to sneak
up on Captain Hook!
Ha! You're the last
pirate to tell us
what's fair, ya crooked codfish!
Oh, you want to fly away?
Then go!
Jake, you take care of Hook!
I've gotta save Tink!
It's just you and me, Hook!
You know, I almost admire your
swash-buckle, lad,
but you're wasting your time.
I'm in this for treasure,
and you are in my way.
But not for long.
Let's show 'em, Bucky!
Blast!
[Jake laughing]
Just try to catch me, Hook.
[Hook] Get back here, you!
I got ya!
How was your swim, Tink?
Hey, quit it. I was just
kidding. [chuckles]
[Hook] Stand still,
ya shipwreck!
[Jake laughing]
Oh, where did that
confounded craft go?
[Bucking dinging]
[Jake cawing]
I got you now, Hook!
That's what you think. [grunts]
Barnacles!
[grunting]
[Hook yelling]
Give up, Captain Hook!
I never give up!
Neither do I!
Time to put an end to this, lad!
Is it true that Pixie Dust stops
working when it gets wet?
[Jake chuckles]
Afraid so, Captain Hook.
[Hook] Save me, Jake...!
My word! Jake!
- You...
- You're welcome, Captain Hook.
[Peter chuckles]
Good work, Jake!
Thanks, Peter!
So, I guess now you'll be going
back with Peter to the
Lands Beyond the Never Sea?
Actually...
I'm not going anywhere.
[all] You're not?!
My place is here with you.
We're not just a crew...
we're not just a team...
...we're family.
[chuckles] Even them.
Thanks, Jake.
We feel the same way.
Peter, it would
have been great fun
going on adventures with you...
...but it's me and my mateys
all the way on Never Land,
forever.
I totally understand, Jake.
It's your destiny.
It was meant to be.
Woo-hoo!
Heads up! Falling stars!
Those aren't stars...
those are...
[all] Gold doubloons!
With our faces on 'em!
- I got a Skully!
- I got a Bucky!
[chuckles] I got a Cubby!
And I've got...
a Peter Pan?!
Captain, I'll trade you two
Jakes and a Cubby
for a Peter Pan.
You can have it!
I want one
with me own picture on it!
[giggles] This is fun!
Way-hay! For saving Never Land,
we got more gold doubloons than
we've ever had!
I think we're going to need a
bigger Team Treasure Chest.
¶ Forever Never Land
¶ Our crew is family
¶ And we will live
in Never Land ¶
¶ Ever after, merrily
¶ This island made of dreams
¶ Your wishes do come true
¶ Under blue starlight
¶ Second from the right
¶ Never Land is here for you
¶ Water falls and tikis
¶ Guard the hidden doors
¶ To a pirate hangout made
¶ From shipwrecks
washed ashore ¶
¶ Pixie Dust and treasure maps
and wooden pirate swords ¶
¶ And if you know the password
then you can come aboard ¶
¶ Tunnels and secret doors
¶ Sideways through the floor
¶ Grottoes and hidden caves
¶ Pulleys and counter weights
¶ It's a hideout in disguise
¶ A palm tree covered isle
¶ To make sure that
Old Feather Hat ¶
¶ Stays away
¶ Pirate island hideout
¶ A hideaway on the sea
A Never Land mystery ¶
¶ Pirate island hideout
To the hideout, me hearties.
Follow me.
Last one to the hideout
is a stale cracker.
This way to the map room,
mateys. Come on!
Yay-hey! Let's take the mainsail
slide to Bucky's Grotto.
Yo-ho, let's go!
[all laughing]
¶ Hollow trees
and jungle leaves ¶
¶ A crows nest
Lookout peak ¶
¶ A screw top water cannon hill
where buccaneers can meet ¶
¶ Hatches and levers pull
Barrels and zip line ropes ¶
¶ Passageways under sea
All for my pirate team! ¶
¶ It's a hideout in disguise
¶ A palm tree covered isle
¶ To make sure that
Old Feather Hat stays away ¶
¶ Pirate island hideout
¶ A hideaway out on the sea
A Never Land mystery ¶
¶ Pirate island hideout